				Warped
				   |
   ________________________________|______________________________
  |           |                    |          |                   |
INSTALL   APPLICATIONS           SOURCE    SYNTHETIC MODELS      MISC  
README    ------------           ------    ----------------      ----
          1. RAID                 src         tools              bin
          2. SMMP                                                doc
          3. collidingPucks                                      examples
	  4. police                                              objectLib
          5. sharksWorld                                         rnd

Applications:
-------------
In addition to the examples directory, there are five applications that
are provided with the warped simulation kernel. They are RAID, SMMP,
collidingPucks, police and sharksWorld. Refer to the README directory of
each application directory for a more detailed explanation.

Source:
-------
The src directory contains all the source code of the warped parallel
simulation kernel. Refer to src/README for a detailed listing of the files
in this directory.

Synthetic Models:
-----------------
The tools directory contains a synthethic work load generator and models
created using this generator. A synthethic work load defintion language
called WSL is also provided. Using the translateWSL parser, several WSL
description can be generated which in turn can be converted into models
that can be simulated on warped. Refer to the paper titled "A Framework
for Performance Analysis of Parallel Discrete Event Simulators" published
in the Proceedings of the 1997 Winter Simulation Conference for more
details.

Misc:
-----
The bin directory contains several perl scripts. Refer to the README file
in the bin directory for a detailed explanation of each script.

The doc directory contains documentation on the warped simulation kernel.

The examples directory contains a simple ping-pong example that is used to
illustrate the functioning of the warped simulation kernel.

The objectLib directory is a library of queuing objects that can be used
to construct queuing model simulations much like RAID and SMMP
models. Detailed documentation regarding the objectLib directory is
available in the objectLib/doc directory.

The rnd directory is a library of random number generators and their
associated distributions. These random number generators and distributions
are used by the warped applications.